after these things the word of the Lord
came to Abram in a vision do not be
afraid Abram I am your shield you're
exceedingly great reward Lord God what
will you give me seeing I go childless
and the heir of my house is Eliezer of
Damascus look I have given me no
offspring indeed one born in my house is
my heir and behold the word of the Lord
came to him this one shall not be your
heir but one who will come from your own
body shall be your heir they brought him
outside look now toward heaven and count
the Stars if you are able to number them
so shall your descendants be and he
believed in the Lord and he accounted it
to him for righteousness
I am the Lord who brought you out of ur
of the Chaldeans to give you this land
to inherit it
Lord God how shall I know that I will
inherit it bring me a three-year-old
heifer
a three year old female goat a three
year old Ram a Turtledove and a young
pigeon that he brought all these to him
and cut them in two down the middle and
placed each piece of a Cynthia but he
did not cut the birds in two and when
the vultures came down on the carcasses
Abram drove them away now when the Sun
was going down a deep sleep fell upon
Abram and behold horror and great
darkness fell upon him
then he said to Abram know certainly
that your descendants will be strangers
in a land that is not theirs and will
serve them and they will afflict them
for hundred years and also the nation
whom they serve I will judge afterward
they shall come out with great
possessions now as for you you shall go
to your fathers in peace you shall be
buried at a good old age but in the
fourth generation they shall return here
for the iniquity of the amur rights is
not yet complete and it came to pass
when the Sun went down and it was dark
there behold there appeared a smoking of
ermine and a burning torch the past
between those pieces on the same day the
Lord made a covenant with Abram to your
descendants I have given this land from
the river of Egypt to the great river
the river Euphrates the Kenites the
kinnison's
the Cadman arts the Hittites the
parasites the Rif am the Amma writes the
Canaanites the girgashites and the Jeb
you saw
[Music]